116/116

SCHEDULE D - LIABILITIES Name: ROHIt Khanna Page of

Report liabilities of over $10,000 owed to any one creditor at any time during the reporting period by you, your spouse, or your dependent child. Mark the highest amount owed during the reporting
period. New Members: Members are required to report ail liabilities secured by real property including mortgages on their personal residence. Exclude: Any mortgage on your personal! residence
(unless you rent it out or are a Member); loans secured by automobiles, household furniture, or appliances; liabilities of a business in which you own an interest (unless you are personally liable); and
liabilities owed to you by a spouse or the child, parent, or sibling of you or your spouse. Report a revolving charge account (i.e., credit card) only if the balance at the close of the reporting period
exceeded $10,000. “Column K is for liabilities held solely by your spouse or dependent child.

Amount of Liability
A B c D E F SG H ! J K
Date
of Creditor Inne Type of Liability ‘ |
Ba 158 |85|58| 388/85 |/53| 88) 8816 | 62
Exampie First Bank of Wilmington, DE 5/98 Morigage on Rental Property, Dover, DE xX
Nelnet 4/03 Student Loan <<
SP Goldman Sachs 11/16 Margin v4

SCHEDULE E — POSITIONS

Report all positions, compensated or uncompensated, as an officer, director, trustee of an organization, partner, proprietor, representative, employee, or consultant of any corporation, firm, partnership,
or other business enterprise, nonprofit organization, labor organization, or educational or other institution other than the United States. Exclude: Positions held in any religious, social, fraternal, or
political entities (such as political parties and campaign organizations); and positions solely of an honorary nature. New Members and second-year candidates report positions held in the reporting
period and the current calendar year. First-year candidates and new employees report positions held in the current calendar year and two previous years.

Position Name of Organization
Member, Board of Directors Workforce Investment Board
Member, Board of Directors Faith in Action
Member, Board of Directors Citizens for Better Community
Member, Board of Directors Joint Venture Silicon Valley

Use additional sheets if more space {s required.
