meme em
—_—_— —_=

Rohit Khanna

_ bd 8 D ,
SCHEDULE A~— ASSETS & “UNEARNED INCOME” name: Rohit Khanna rage & ot 5
BLocKA ROCKS | Block ¢ BLOCK D BLOOR ET
Assets and/or income Sources Value of Asaet Type of Inconta Amount of Income Transaction

Idtenity exch avset held for investment OrBindloate vole of neset at dose of the mnorting period. If you use a Check 08 columns thet apply, for acouunte that] Por assets for which checked “Tay Defared* in Bloxk ©, Widiontn i the
PrOduston ef oor nt NaOh eer \vatualion method other then far market vaiua, plessa epectty the method gegersta tio deferred inoome (euch a3 401 IRA, may dheok tne "Hons" charm, Por ell other exaets indicate the aeaet had
coir 6 at the end of the reporting tend. Gocounts}, you may check the

any: fepartable

catagory of noame by the appropriate bax below. purchaes (P),
aszst or B0tTC0 of column, Dividends, interest, and oapited gains, Dividends, interest, and gain, If rebwented, fenton
that genes core than $200 "wnaared incre) it cutee sok dts the reparng ne” Mi wy (E ctrete ea by Sere og Howe Selene acne on non een hls to me
during > anecta torsble ances. Check “Hona™ accounts. Check “None” ‘Ne incon wee sanved ar gener exopeding
“Column Mts for nassts held by your spouss or dependant child in which steet generated no income during thé reporting: in the repariing
Provide names of stocks end mutpel furictellyou have no interest, “ Column Xil ts for exsete held by your spouse or dependent chid fl period,
ido not use only Ucker tn which your have no interest. If only a portian of
For afl IRAs end olher feuch Heese
40100 plana) provide the vehie for each asset held fh mete rag
the nocount Sat exoceda the reporting ATJBJ C]OELFlatwfigedetula (Je; ei vi viwlvaivi atx [al
Leave thts column
other the
For bank and cae aaneaate, tle the amount biank If Greve are
every Anancial inetituiion where frase Is more that exceeded
$1,000 ih Intetest-bosting ,006,
Pe ae ea col propa bab far veatment
# ordesoription, @,
Property,” and a city and state, a
For Inleradt in petal bel
that fe et P aw ’ . the name of
locaton in Book A. .
Buchuder Your personal reskianoe,
fnoome during Bw topetne entry rane ]
bitterest in, or tnoome derived
i fund thats Be
ts choose, indicate that an eset a 1
pone iS tat, of spouse (SP) 3 q
Rependent chikd (OC), ot ‘held wth anyone (JT), f =
In (he optional cokinnn ory the far bat, B q 3 8 g
cen TE Helle RiRIRE Ei ; A i
lf SIALEIE |e ay oi 318 be. sopan ort
, x x x 5
a Indefinite Byers x
Please see the attached

se additional sheets 1¥ more space Is required.

